== README

Here is the repo of T-Builder. 
T-Builder is a web app that facilitate team splitting in events.  The idea is that for any event, the event holder could use this app to invite people to join, and the participants can then answer questions to facilitate team splitting.  For example, it might be cool to split teams in different genders, or try the best to maintain a 50-50 ratio.  Then, the web app can calculate the teams and when the participants check back, they can get into teams or groups.  Afterwards, the event holder has the option of creating a survey for the event.  He will then get feedback from the participants.
Logistics: We will probably use phone numbers and/or emails to invite and confirm.  Therefore, we probably will use Twillio and research for a email sending api.  Then, we also need a backend to save all the results.  The app also needs to do some computing for dividing into groups.  Graphics are not necessarily the hardest part.

HW 5: I updated the schema so that there is a relation table.  Went to the office hour to restructure scehma and databases

HW 6: Added Byebug, devise  Not much difficulty with byebug, and it is great for debugging.  Devise's installation was annoying.  

HW 7: Added Sendgrid.  Sendgrid was not easy but did not encounter much difficulty.

HW 8: Added queries to go through the relation tables and access information across all tables.  Was not complicated.

HW 9: I am reducing the size of the project into that users can only invite other users of the app, to simplify the relation table.  I also went to a lot of office hours.

Final Project submission: the project is completed.  The app is again simplified so that the application does not split the users into the teams since it requires a lot of pattern matching, and entry such as "guy" and "man" and other synonyms could cause great trouble in the matching.  Thus, the characteristics of every users are listed for the owner of the event, for the owner to decide who goes into which team.  Also, it is set so that the owner can only see the fields that the event requires, so that no extra information is leaked.  

Note: the project's layout is not the best, but that and other parts of the projects belongs to my partner of this project.  However, he has not been commiting any codes and contributing anything in this project.

Heroku link: https://t-builder.herokuapp.com/